what a day huh
suppose you know you of course finished
in the bottom two this week and this is
the elimination evaluation I have to say
I've been quite impressed with your
cooking over the past couple weeks your
raisin bread was amazing you made a
delicious strawberry tart thank you and
I also enjoyed your Apple turnover thank
you very much
but I have to say
that all those successes are largely
overshadowed by the food that you put in
the cake this week Deb that for me
myself actually one of the biggest
mistakes I've made in competition I
think when I tasted your chocolate cake
and I asked you if it was made of poo I
said that as a joke the last thing I
expected was for the answer to be yes if
there were a list of five things that I
would change about what I did in the
competition adding poop to the chocolate
cake would would definitely be the
number one
Tim I really respect you and a part of
me understands where you were coming
from I've gotten to where I am today by
taking risks in cooking which is why I'm
one of the top chefs in North America
and the world but risk-taking should
only go so far and should never involve
two I don't think I would serve who in a
cake Ted if I had a restaurant I would
not do that this is not an excuse but I
had eaten cake earlier in the day this
is not acceptable in my kitchen and
because of this
I have to eliminate you from the
competition
thank you very much for having me
thank you very much this has been an
amazing experience for me and I'm really
happy that it was here and if I could
take back the poo in the cake that would
be the biggest decision that's the
biggest mistake I made it would be
nothing
I do like risks I do like risk-taking
and maybe if he hadn't told me that it
was poo and I just thought it was a bad
cake he could have survived another week
but he did tell me and so I had to
eliminate him a Popo and a cake because
I was trying something different was it
a mistake yes but I'd do it again no am
I going home because of it absolutely